Engage-Pizza/Pods/BMSAnalyticsAPI/README.md, before:

IBM Bluemix Mobile Services - Client SDK Swift Analytics API
===================================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-analytics-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-analytics-api)


BMSAnalyticsAPI provides interfaces and basic implementation of Logger and Analytics for [BMSCore](https://github.com/ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-core). 

This framework is an internal dependency for BMSCore and is not intended for use in any other project. 

=======================
Copyright 2015 IBM Corp.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add AppLaunch Framework via Cocoapod

Engage-Pizza/Pods/BMSAnalyticsAPI/README.md, after:

IBM Bluemix Mobile Services - Client SDK Swift Analytics API
===================================================

BMSAnalyticsAPI provides interfaces and basic implementation of Logger and Analytics for [BMSCore](https://github.com/ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-core). It is an internal dependency for BMSCore and is not intended for use in any other project. 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-analytics-api.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-analytics-api)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/28b6315364374afa8bbfc21b6636ce7d)](https://www.codacy.com/app/ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-analytics-api?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-analytics-api&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-analytics-api/badge.svg?branch=travis-fix)](https://coveralls.io/github/ibm-bluemix-mobile-services/bms-clientsdk-swift-analytics-api?branch=travis-fix)

=======================
Copyright 2015 IBM Corp.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
